ENH: separate slice doubleclick operations (#6597)
Slicer/Slicer: Docs/user_guide/user_interface.md

Window/level can be manually adjusted anytime by clicking on "Adjust window/level" button on the toolbar then left-click-and-drag in any of the slice viewers. Optimal window/level can be computed for a chosen area by lef-click-and-dragging while holding down <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> key.

[![](https://img.youtube.com/vi/u1B0F1KcVsk/0.jpg)](https://youtu.be/u1B0F1KcVsk "Demo video of how to adjust image window/level")

> Additional window/level options, presets, intensity histogram, automatic adjustments are available in Display section of [Volumes](modules/volumes.md) module.  Presets are also available in the context menu of the Slice views.  You can reset to the automatically calculated window/level settings using the context menu or by using `Control-left-doubleclick` on the Slice view.

Reviewer: To be consistent with user_interface.md:

```suggestion
Additional window/level options, presets, intensity histogram, automatic adjustments are available in Display section of [Volumes](modules/volumes.md) module.  Presets are also available in the context menu of the Slice views.  You can reset to the automatically calculated window/level settings using the context menu or by using `Ctrl` + `left-double-click` on the Slice view.
```
